This is what you do the few practices, and this is those instrumentals, teaching and instruction is
mentioned.
When you look to this text, the bellowing laugh of the Dakini, said here in English, "I posted it
to the queen of the spirits, very of the great bliss."
In this text, the true nature of the great practitioner, the great perfectionist, the true nature,
the great perfectionist.
Then that means the practicing of the Dzogchen, there is nothing more practicing than the Dzogchen.
Dzogchen is the absolute true practices.
Because it's transcendent, it removes instantly, culturally all the publication of the duality that
is created. Everything is instantly released and liberated in the absolute state of the Dzogchen.
So there is nothing higher, better, more technical, more powerful, more easy than the practice of
the Dzogchen.
However, those who were here in the teaching said here, "Samsara, one has one struggle," Dzogchen
practiced him, "they don't have anything above the top and the face, all is released in the one
that stays."
And for that state, there is everything transcendent, there is no cutter, and that cuts, subject
and object and activities, all that transcendent.
But however, for those who enjoyed the elaboration, a complicated part of the crazy personal
activities, crazy personal activities, I will teach the peace instruction for us offering one's own
body as food.
This is the, particularly of course, practice of the inner dandara, and then particularly also this
is practice done by Pozum, in Bodhachyakya Manish, Vinaya.
We're working for enlightenment. As I said this morning, and you know that we need to develop the
thought of enlightenment, bodhijata in heart, heart, and when that reflected, that great bodhijata,
we can go to each other,
we can combine together as all boneless, boneless love, boneless compassion, boneless joy, and bon
eless equanimity.
Once that sizzling in the heart, without any shaking by the doubt and hesitation and discouragement
and disappointment, keeping up that strongly and then reflecting that into the six paramatas or the
ten paramatas.
And the first paramata is generous practices. Generous practices have bigger, small, and mediums.
All generous being known as also generous of the wealth, generous of the material, generous of the
world, the wisdom of the teaching, and generous of the protections.
Those are the measures. Among the generous of the substances, the material, there is a small,
medium, and a bigger.
The biggest one is distributing one's own body, not just the wealth in that, but one's own precious
body for the sake of the sentient beings, the sake of others to help them.
In the life story of the Buddha's city, there are so many of those. Buddha gave his own body to the
hungry travelers with the five cups, the cups he gave up there.
There is one after another, many, many beautiful stories that how Buddha gave up.
Every time he did such a great commitment, sorry, of course a commitment, but with a statement. As
I gave this to my body to remove the hunger or thirst or whatever the trouble they are facing,
as when I made this, I reached the enlightenment to say, "Oh, living beings, when I reach the
enlightenment, may I ever share my personal wisdom, realization to this purpose."
So, they can also get absolutely enlightenment status with this. So, Buddha said that, so this is
again in generally, but generally in Mahayana practitioners, that those who have capabilities.
Then, particularly, in the Mahayana teaching, is most skillful means as I said this morning. Skill
ful means is then, is not necessarily you giving literally your body, but mentally you are giving.
Giving your own body or as I said place as food. And those are the teaching then in all is
explained in after work here.
After, so these are the old and you just put it in those are the then, like a white offering, red
offering, striped offering and black offerings or the dark offering and so forth.
Poor great priest. This is the priest. It's just not just only the food priest, but a variety of
quality, every desire, every object of desire that really you distribute it.
And visualize each of those on meditate and expanding that, that realization without any doubt and
hesitation to all the invisible beings, all the invisible beings, this is.
With mentally you distribute in this. So, that's it. In order to do this, then in here, in the
teaching said work here, said this, that also to kind of activate in that, to glorify that, to
remind of that realization
as crazy, versatile activity. That means you're maintaining the perfectly versatile, perfectly
versatile state as I said last night.
Maintaining as the regular samadhi of the exotic will as it is, regular will. And keeping up the
will as with the medical display of the meditate.
And that is supported by the warrior-like, warrior-like, like as conduct. Without a doubt and
hesitation, absent you don't, continually keeping the conduct, morality in the God and the Samaya,
exactly keeping up matter with that.
Through that, then we actualize the realization absolutely. So here, in order to do this, then
articles you need to do these are the overpowered arrogance, the wild animals' skin and so forth.
Those are these days, generally, not necessary you have to get. These days it is, if you want to
get lot of what's called this name, the pubrics. You can get nice pubrics, those tiger-skin looking
.
Really, tiger-skin looking, leopard-skin looking and those. And then you can go to those Halloween
big stores and go to good things.
Good things are what you want.
That is the drill, that we are win-win situations. You also play a hollow game, but at the same
time, we have other meanings. So that is known as the crazy-whisper activity. Something subtle, but
rather crazy.
So that's animal skin and the claw, intact, all that. So then, we are together with these, also
those yogis, yogi, the practitioners, when they are ready, it's not that everybody at your practice
have to go this, different, this.
It's like that?
No, it's okay, no. Over to you. This one, right?
Over to you, this pain.
Okay, so anyway, those who want ready to go, that means the first step, to go to those, like I said
, in the teaching, say those important sensitive locations in the teaching, when you go to sensitive
locations, that means, according to the Buddha teaching,
there are so many beings that you all know. I mean, we've heard this so many times. There are six
beings, class of beings.
Hellarim beings, beings of hellarims, beings of the hungry ghosts, beings of the animals, beings of
the human beings as we are, and beings of the asura, beings of the gods.
There are six class of beings.
And within this, there's also, this category can be divided into two sections.
So, visible beings, invisible beings, invisible beings.
This is particularly designed and activating your practice, your realization through the power and
energy and density to activities of the invisible beings.
That you activate it and therefore they affect whatever you feel through the body, through this
verbal, or through the wind, through the air, through mental.
You're going to maintain unshakeable, valuable, medical and meditation, warrior-like conduct of the
morality, never shake it, never even move it, maintain that.
As the Buddha did, for example, of course, the Buddha was already in high states, but the Buddha
sat there under the body tree.
When he met it, he committed that he's going to reach enlightenment, met that statement, met that,
and at that moment, what did he consider?
Eighty millions, Mars came, began to attack, began to have stuck. What did Buddha say?
Whether art is Christ, or whether art is completely tumbles and I fall down, or my bone is
completely skin and flesh, completely dry up the sun and heat,
or I was completely held on my bones, but I'm never going to move from one sentimental, from this
Christian, or from this grass Christian.
Without obtaining my goal of the final enlightenment.
When he met that statement, the art started shaking, the art started tumbling.
At the same time, eighty thousand millions, or eighty millions, Mars began to attack.
When that happened, what Buddha did? Never thought, any moved, anything.
He meditated on loving kindness, kind love. May every living being have great happiness and joy,
and cause of the happiness and the joy.
He never moved, slightly from that meditation and relaxed.
And all those obstacles are maras that wrap, or can wrap those experiences, or the visions, are
completely subsided, ascended, and pacified.
Right there, over the moment, Lord was sudoku, what's called sudoku? Lord was sudoku, okay, arising
.
All one, up another, again, another displaced mara appeared in sudoku, very gentle, very appealing
way, in a way.
Epic never moved from that, never moved once, continued meditating on the loving kindness, and
great zoki status.
Status. So that is what is known as vedal and uncheckable, vedal samadhi, samadhis.
So this practitioners would perform this, not just doing this, kind of that, but really trying to
bring up that realization, trying to make that strong and firm and uncheckable, combined with love
and compassion.
As I said last night, Buddha's teaching, Lord said, having the realization of the great emptiness,
and never give up every living being from the compassion, and combine together.
All the skills made in wisdom combined together, and that will, uncheckable, and that is also not
substantial, solid, existing as things.
It is the magic of discipline, it is dreams of discipline, discipline.
Bring that realization vividly, and maintain all the necessary things without discoloring it, or
without kind of going easy way or something.
It's okay or something is with that, and following the laziness, keeping up the conduct as warriors
.
Warriors means, that means what? Warriors, when they came to the battlefield, they are going to
defend, defend themselves, they are going to overrun to the opponents.
What is the opponent at this time? It's for those demons. For demons, we have to overrun and
overpower them.
That is the principle view, philosophy of, or essential view of the two practices, two practices.
So, in order to bring that realization, understanding, and hear, hear what is it, again in a prayer
, three.
Three, to symbolize the descendant view, the small tense.
That means those who are going to those sensitive locations, such as cemeteries, or some days in
the lonely, younger place, desert, scary places going there.
So you have to have some preparation, not just going there, but because you have to take care of
your body, too, in a relative level.
Even though you are going to distribute this to the world, in a reservation, but relative in human
level, we are going to take care of our body, because our body is so precious.
In Mahayana taking brotherhood, he said, "It's a vehicle, it's like water to cross the ocean, cross
the river, cross the sea."
Without this body, nothing can be achieved. So therefore, we have to keep this boat, we have to
keep this kayak, this kayak, because we like to kayak for a long time.
Without this kayak, we are not going to explore any adventures, that's for sure. So therefore, we
have to keep this bit work kayak.
So therefore, when we are going to get the rain or the snow or whatever, we have to have a nice
tent.
And tents are very easy, of course, in a little bit, it's difficult to make all those things, you
have to make big effort.
But these days, very easy, I mean, the modern country, highly developed, rich country, there are so
many beautiful tents.
So this is what it means here, this is the same vu, a small tent.
That means, that also shows that symbolize, this is not just a tent, but our vu, your vu, your z
oking vu.
Zoking vu is word of the garudas, or word of the bird's vu. It's vu, everything sees, nothing is
blocked by the narrow regimen, any conceptions of jungles or the valleys, anything.
These birds are vu's, everything is seen.
The old, like I used to use the example, 360 angles, completely vision, that is the vu.
Open vu, that is in the teaching said, that's the Murugan Masambha said in the teaching, the open v
u.
Most of the panoramic vu, never will be blocked, every vu block in the vu, limited vu, that means
narrow mind.
Then everything becomes so tight and so dense, and comfort like everything clashing to each other.
When you have the big room, in the open heart, what does it mean, also the rest, in here, like open
heart, open heart, open mind, in the open status.
There is many things, there is many rooms, birds are flying in the open sky, airplanes are flying
in the open sky, helicopters are flying in the open sky, and there is many things happening.
Sky never see it, it's crowded or anything, it's open.
That is like mind, that is mind, and we keep that.
Then everything can be accepted, everything can come, everything can move and everything is just
partly to keep.
That is symbolized by this 10, not just only protection for our physical level.
And then here in the same way, ascending, ascending conduct, conduct level, we should not, vu is
vast and limitless, but conduct should be very poor.
The warrior-like conduct, as already I said, and the teaching said, I mean it's not just I'm saying
, but teaching said, warrior-like conduct.
Warriors in the battlefield are going to pay every attentions, every thought, not going to the
council or don't care, not pay attention.
Everything is taken care of to defend, to secure his friend or whatever those immoral or their
friends, to secure in every defend, thoroughly, portable, everything.
So not ignoring the conduct level, have to be portable, have to be precise, have to be detailed,
detailed as mundane levels.
What is good should do the good things. What is bad in the mundane world or the union world? What
is that bad?
Don't do it. And then obey the laws, all those rules, regulations.
And then of course, obey laws, and laws, and our uncle will be very happy.
That's right. Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam will be very, very happy.
You will be the best nephew or best niece. So therefore, thank us.
And thank us. Our Buddha teaching has beautiful rules, guidelines, to improve and to glorify our
Buddha nature.
Love and compassion, our practice, to wrap nothing.
Conduct is always what the teaching said that will boost of the realization.
Conduct is good conduct, is really, like medical groups. It really will boost of your realization,
your understanding.
Not just only the meditation rules, but good conduct.
And we don't really have the good conduct and morality as in the teaching said.
It will then undermine. We fill in a ditch. Ditch. And then we can't get our easy kind of fill in
ditch.
We can't get up there. In the winter times, when we dry, some kind of dirt roads, there's ice and
snows.
And we have to put on a carefully dry. And we fill in a ditch.
And then you know how much tubbles you have to get up from the ditch.
And you have to call it eh eh, you know.
And all this, and even though they will come, but then it is cold, and it's windy, and ice.
And they said, I mean, this is the tub of really good conduct.
Therefore, the conduct is really true of what the Buddha said.
But for example, Buddha, how made the conduct?
Even his total enlightenment, everything that, to throw to the ice, that.
And then Guru Maasam. Guru Maasam alone creates a verse of activity.
But he is showing how the old everything is flexible, how things can be like, to his illusion.
That is what the Guru Maasam's activity proved to us.
Old is illusion. There is no regimen. Solid things can be transformed.
Fire can be transformed in the water. Water can be transformed in the fire.
So that means changing the molecules, changing the oxygens.
Or those, what do they call them? In the western, those are, otonin.
Neutron.
What?
Proton. Neutron. Yeah, proton. Those, they are changing.
Instead of that, changing. That is what really means.
Changing. This can be changed. This is easy.
You say, when you have the realizations, that is not going to be one of the muslims.
Then, for example, all these great teachers that we met, we spoke.
How they are humble. How they are simple. How they stay remaining in the total.
Not just kind of doing, using their kind of power or their kind of title.
Just jump at all these things. They are so tall, so humble, so simple.
So kind of like, very, very humility.
Emulations. Emulations. Those are known as good kundra.
Good examples.
So this is what, to symbolize that kundra is that katangas.
Then, to have the authority over the demons and the Thai bones.
That means, to overpower the demons.
Demons, in this case, also means, those are invisible.
It could be obstacle, the man-handedness.
But at the same time, demons are there for demons, as I listed.
To overpower, to subdue us and those, and the Thai bone too bitters.
Then, to dominate the whole of the dakinis.
And that means, all of the dakinis, to please and to come in your mind to that.
To come to your magnetize of that to break.
And then this bell and the jangli bell is there.
And the tassels, which use up, take a second, what else now?
Take the bell, tassels.
Yeah, tassels and all those things.
To then, to bring magnetize or to bring all the nakinis there.
So those are the principle things.
And among this, among this, then this is like the overpowered appearance of the dhammaru.
That means, overpowered appearance means, your realization,
your understanding of the true nature, exactly as you have as the Vedas and the Madhi movies.
And then, everything is overpowered.
Overpowered is all the perceptions.
The perception of the eyes, the perception of the ears.
As I said last night, the perception of the nose, the perception of the tongue,
the own perception of the body, the perception of the mind.
All the overpowered is your power.
Most of the time, we human beings cannot control our perceptions.
We can completely become wired by our own perceptions.
This great Master, this great realization,
we have that as keeping the samadhi, Vedas samadhi vu,
Vedas samadhi vu, medit, meditation,
and the world, like conduct, they can overpower.
Whoever has that, it's not just a selected guru providing own by that,
but anyone who has realized that, our power.
Our power, all of these things, all of these things.
It's not our power or something.
Others are you, our power, your own, our own.
This perception, all those categories.
And all can be summarized as one's perceptions, our own powers.
When you overpower that perception, then truly we become the yogi and yoginis.
Because your samadhi is good and your meditation is good,
your conduct is good, that is known as sky-like yogi and yoginis.
And those are known.
So among this all, all, and then this dhammaru is the, the,
that is overpowering. So this is what.